Help again.
So I'm not that information that you should know about the hard disk when we have a hard disk we can't
delete it again.
And if you remember when we Chole exist in this it does mean you can't connect an existing hartis to
a virtual machine.
But if that hard disk is used by another virtual machine you can't use it in this virtual machine because
it is Alamoudi use it.
So to give us an example about an existing disk we tried to delete this one.
So if we click on the layout you see another massage device will be removing delete Fibe for all do
that cost more.
So if we click on this one that's means the hard disk number two will be deleted from do that.
But if we leave it like this one it will stay in the past and just deleted from the virtual machine.
So for example it's box it is a machine.
So this is the hard disk in a bottle.
We try to create a new folder like that then Anjar not bait like this one.
So these are hard to find inside.
So we have novel Dosey and novel Dukie all text even if we up and just want to open it.
Then if we go back to the swamp and we chose castle of course you don't want to consider this option
you click on this.
Then we try to delete this one without deleting the 5 from do that.
So it just won't exist in the run.
Number one we remember this information and you check that the name is the name is 1 7 0 1 0 1 the Dougie.
So this is the name of the hard disk number to exist in land 1 in Windows 7.
Number one.
So we click on this one without checking this one to delete the disk we click OK.
So this is the latest if you back to the Vitry machine do disk is gone.
This one it.
You'll see right here that the disk does not exist.
If you go back to the computer you'll see the disk is gone.
No if we try to up on your hard disk but we up on the existing hard disk.
So if we click on this one this time we're not going to chose new hard disk we're going to chose existing
hard disk.
So we click on we got to the last one if you remember this but your machine exists in the line what
we click on made in Windows 7 0 1 because it was in the Windows 7 is 0 1.
Then we have do VM decie of the windows 0 1 we have Windows 7 0 1 that's one that's mean.
This is due Cygne one that we use it.
Of course we can't use this one because it is our duty to use it in the same host.
So we need to choose this one that was deleted before that's mean not virtual machine use this disk.
So we click OK.
So how does it do new disk audits.
But of course no you can't change this information because it is already configured.
And provision.
When we create this hard disk we chose things so we can't change it.
Then there's option is available to be changed of course if you want to choose the scuzzy controller.
But it is always I want it to use on the Discovery controller.
So we click OK the reconfiguration if we are going I tell you receipts back again and when we open the
file stand available in this hard disk.
Nevada and Nevada can still exist in due disk without any problem.
So this is a quick idea about a hard disk and how you delete it.
But in a case you chose to delete the VM dignified.
It will be deleted with all the data exist inside as if you chose this one.
All the data exists in that hard disk will be deleted and you lost out in this one.
So you should careful when you try to delete a disk until you are sure that you don't need the data
exist in that hard disk.
So the next.